Non root container (#213)
camptocamp/docker-odoo-project: README.md

See also the [Changelog](HISTORY.rst).

## ⚠️ Version 5.0.0 : Some Breaking changes

>   - We not use gosu from now,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We not longer use gosu
```

>   - Odoo user is created during the image building, not in the entrypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `odoo` user is created during the build of the image, and no longer in the entrypoint
```

  - All odoo related files are moved in /odoo

>   - odoo run with user id, 999 : if you need to change it, docker-compose build --build-arg UID=$(id -u)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - odoo runs with uid 999; if you need to change this, use for instance `docker-compose build --build-arg UID=$(id -u)`
```

>   - Version 7/8/9/10 are deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Odoo versions 7.0, 8.0, 9.0 and 10.0 are no longer supported
```
